.\" SccsId = "@(#)kissis.1 1.6 () 09/19/94"
.ll 77
.hy
.TH KISSIS 1SDF "THE SEADIF PROGRAMMERS MANUAL"
.SH NAME
kissis \- front end to the SIS (Berkeley Logic Synthesis System) with an
interface to the Nelsis ICD System.

.SH SYNOPSIS

   kissis [options] filename	
.SH DESCRIPTION

SIS is an interactive tool for synthesis and optimization of sequential
circuits. Given a state transition table, a logic level description of a
sequential circuit or PLA (programmable logic array) decription, it produces an
optimized net-list in the target technology while preserving the sequential
input-output behavior.

kissis is a front-end to SIS which allows automatic generation of a circuit for
given STG (state transition graph) or PLA. For this
purpose it runs SIS in batch mode. Resulting circuit is automatically placed
in Nelsis database. The following design steps are performed:

.IP o
state minimization using program called stamina (STG input only).

.IP o
state assignment using program called nova (STG input only).

.IP o
combinatorial optimization.

.IP o
technology mapping 

.IP o
retiming (STG input only and when \-r specified)

.IP o
conversion from blif output format to sls (Switch Level Simulator) using
program blif2sls (The manual page blif2sls (1SDF))

.IP o
conversion from sls format to the Nelsis database using csls program (The
manual page sls_mkdb(1ICD)).  

.SH OPTIONS
.na
.nf
.fi
.ad

.TP
-h display help info.
.TP
-c run combinatorial synthesis (PLA or Blif input formats).
.TP
-k run sequential synthesis (kiss2 input format).
.TP
-b run sequential synthesis (blif input format).
.TP
-r run retiming (default not)
.TP
\-S <filename> \- read the names of special terminals from 
	file (see blif2sls(1SDF) \-c option).
.TP
-x generate external terminals connected to outputs of all latches. 
   It can be usefull when debugging circuit with simeye 
   (see simeye(1ICD)) after layout extraction.
.TP
filename - input filename.

.RE
If none of these options is specified then kind of input 
is determined based on filename extension (default kiss2).  
If  options are specified than extension does not
matter. Default extension is .kiss2.

.SH 


.SH FILES

To run properly the command requires that the following
files are present in your current directory:


proto_file    \- a file with sls prototypes (see blif2sls(1SDF)).
<cellname>.<kiss2|pla|blif> \- input file with STG (PLA)  
                   description.


Other files:

$OCEAN/celllibs/$OCEANPROCESS/<lib_name>.genlib \- a file with a library
description (to be used during technology mapping).

blif2sls \- blif2sls conversion program.

csls \- csls conversion program.

sis \- sis program.

<cell_name>_out.blif \-  intermediate file (output in blif format).

<cell_name>.sls \- intermediate file (output in sls format).

<cell_name>.sta \- output from blif2sls (see blif2sls(1SDF)) used by 
                  simeye(see simeye(1ICD)).

sis_logfile \- output from sis (look here if something goes wrong).


.SH "EXTERNAL_INFULENCES"
.TP
Environment Variables

OCEAN \- root directory of ocean tree.

OCEANPROCESS \- ocean process name.

.SH "AUTHOR"
Ireneusz Karkowski, Delft University of Technology.  E-mail
address is ocean@donau.et.tudelft.nl.
.SH "SEE ALSO"

blif2sls(1SDF), sls_mkdb(1ICD), simeye(1ICD)


For more information about SIS and its input formats look into:

"SIS: A System for Sequential Circuit Synthesis" Ellen M. Santovich, Kanwar Jit
Singh, Luciano Lavagno, Cho Moon, Rajeev Murgai, Alexander Saldanha, Hamid
Savoj,  Paul R. Stephan, Robert K. Brayton, Alberto Sangiovanni-Vincentelli.
Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of
California, Berkeley, CA 94720. (1992)

   


